Next movie let's cover properties that we're going to use our texts.
But since I don't want to cram them in one video I'm going to spread them out either to properties that
one video or maybe three.
Let's see.
And we're gonna start with font weight and file style.
Now as a side note though I would just want to show you that wherever generic family kicks in.
Now if we're gonna head over to our import manifolds is gonna come this out.
Notice that we're still gonna get the generic on families.
So some kind of fans from the generic fund family.
If we have cursive This is the reason why this is gonna look like this.
And then for a bottle we're getting sensor.
So here you can see actually the generic families in the work where we have commented this out.
So obviously the browser cannot find this rubato but then it finds something that is at least close
to that from the sensor.
Generic font family.
So in a nutshell that is how the generic font family would work.
Now again maybe let's comment this out more.
Let me just make this reasonable.
Let me say it.
And now I have both of different families and I'm gonna head over back to head one.
And I'm just gonna say first of all that I would want to have some class some say Maine and you know
what I would like to add some more things here and maybe change around the paragraph.
So first I'm gonna say for the paragraph I'm gonna say some law I'm 25 so I'm going to have a little
bit less text.
However I would want to have an understanding one.
So this is gonna be a let's say subheading AND I'M NOT GONNA ADD right now maybe.
Or you know what I should probably.
So let's right.
Class of subheading as well just so we can test different things and we're gonna do another one under
a paragraph we as law I'm off guess twenty five.
Now I'm gonna say it.
So I have two subheadings obviously because they're hiding ones and then both of them have this kind
of fun.
Now if we're gonna go over to styles to assess I would like to change this and I'm going to say that
this family is only going to be for the main one.
The moment I say it obviously list one family's applied with the first one because the other one has
the class of subheading now where the font weight comes in and what does it do.
Well it just makes our font bolder.
How do how would that work.
Let's say for the body we're gonna go with font family and then we're looking for these guys.
So we have I'm sorry not found time we were looking for find weight and then we have bunch of numbers
here also options of bold bolder and lighter.
Now I can probably already tell you what they're gonna do.
Bold is gonna make it bold bold there is gonna make it bolder and lighter is gonna make it lighter.
These numbers here keep in mind that if you have an imported just because you're going to set something
to 900 it's gonna default back to that 700 anyway so be careful about that don't think that just in
case you're going to add 900 then this is gonna be definitely bolder.
Now in order to show you that why don't we go to the paragraphs and add also some classes is that way
we can be a little bit more specific.
So this is gonna be paragraph number one as well as we're gonna do class of paragraph number two not
very general names meaning not very original names but we're just gonna add a little bit of fun weight.
So let's say for the paragraph number one we would want.
I don't know font font weight is gonna be like I said let's try with 700 here.
But that's gonna be the first one and notice it is right now.
Boulder and let's try with number two we go for 900 just to kind of prove my point.
Now again let me look for a proper family or sorry for a proper property some reason fund family stuck
in my head and I cannot get it out.
So what we have found way to 900 What do you think is going to happen.
Do you think this is a really bolder than that.
I don't think so.
I think they're both exactly the same and now is that the reason for that is the max we have seen so
far so good.
Again we can do the same thing here we can say bold and let's say for this guy we're going to have Boulder
again let's try it out and pretty much they both look the same.
We have defined weight covered now so maybe look for lighter going to go lighter.
Now obviously this is gonna fall back to 400 then we would also want to look at font style.
Now for the font style let's go with font style.
And here we have few options we have again the initial inherit and then we're looking for italic normal
and oblique.
Now we have the italic one.
So this is going to look like this.
Let's copy and paste the style.
Let's say this guy wore number two.
We're gonna add oblique make up and paste and list changes around and say Oh Blake over here.
And again as you can see very very similar things.
And maybe the last thing would we would want is check it out.
What what else we have here.
So for this I'm gonna do the subheading.
We'll have a class office ring.
And here I'm gonna be looking again for the font style and for the font style.
What do we have.
Well I believe we have the italic.
Then we had the oblique and you know what let me get my suggestions.
And again the suggestions was the control and space.
And here I have the normal one Now your question probably will.
Where are we going to try the normal ones.
Now there's gonna be cases where you said something for let's say three paragraphs but one of them you
would want the default setting.
So in general you're not going to use this normal setting because this already comes by default and
that's the reason why nothing changed there.
But let's say for all the headings you have said some kind of style.
Now what is going to happen.
Well let's change this around let's say that I'm gonna get rid of the font style here as well as here
and let me get rid of this guy.
Number two I'm going to do it like this.
Let me say it.
That's gonna work now also.
You know what I mean get rid of the italic ones but somewhere in the body what's right like this let's
say found aren't here font and we're gonna write style.
So for home my body I would want to let's say have italic on the moment I'm gonna say I would notice
something interesting.
So everything here turns italic because obviously this is the inheritance in the works we have the parent
and we're just passing down this property.
However let's say for this guy we would want only normal ones.
And that's the reason why we would add normal and that is something that you are going to see a lot
where meaning you're not going to use in maybe a lot but you'll see it a lot where if you were going
to have those default properties like let's say there's gonna be text left.
So text should be left.
This is gonna be applied only if you're applying to multiple items.
Let's say some kind of font style that would be italic but then you're gonna use the default one on
some of the elements that you don't want to follow the same pattern.